holy moly
help there was a naked scary
man uh Hey guys uh like this I really
don't down hey what's up okay why are we
get why we okay can we we kind of look
like rappers dude this could be my album
cover oh my God what is that what is
what why did you just say that what what
is this room dude this is the
backs oh actually know what the back
wait wait there's arrows follow the
arrows okay I guess that kind of makes
sense you can run why you oh oh there's
a chair take a
seat I guess it's there's a recording on
a recording chest tape I took a VHS tape
that seems fine yeah wait what is what
is on the tape does it it does it say
Okay planing we need to find a um oh
wait there's something over here guys
what is this I whistle what how do you
whistle whistle that freaked me out how
did you do that
whistle press
R what was that noise
guys what the heck holy moly
run what is okay this is not a great
start guys don't split up we shouldn't
split up wait what is this okay maybe
it's safe in there I guess that seems
kind of good quick quick quick quick
quick quick okay maybe that's not oh my
God it's right there what is right there
I can't see anything okay stop whistling
wa oh my
God okay um okay it's following me and
I've lost them oh my God it's still
coming for me oh my God it's so angry
oh God don't go that way what do you
mean don't go that way stop
whistling okay keep doing it okay I
think we're good I think we're good no
we're all good we're all good again okay
following this time following fin leads
me to nothing but failure okay there's
there's another
tapee I don't know what they I don't
know what it does I think there's
something this way what like over here I
I see something bro why is bro so angry
I don't know what he's still
angry
fin
okay okay this thingy is
going okay follow the arrows follow the
arrows oh what's this well like I think
this is what is in here we should find
crer
oh oh sorry I didn't mean to whistle I
didn't mean to
whistle is it still coming oh holy moly
is
hi hi could you maybe get up I'm on I'm
on the floor this
guy okay seems like a bit of over
reaction
help
help guys can you can you hear me
kater oh my God what is that crater can
you hear me that's me what do you mean
what is that what is what do I look
like bro chill what what is your
problem oh um hey guys I fell down and
died I think we all died oh well that
was great guys oh wait we can click tab
um okay yeah we have to keep our sanity
up by the way oh record The Entity
record during an alarm find VHS oh okay
so stop where sorry I'm sorry it's
because I go to put my flashlight on I
accidentally whistle wait so how do we
record guys oh c press C
oh I didn't know this it's like a home
video wait you guys we can shoot a video
I'll record you guys do stuff okay well
let's do a rap album quick yeah yeah
ready 3 2 1 action two rap guys in the
back rooms
two red guys in the
backs we're two red guys in the backs
yeah kill
it me what no wait what no okay stop
stop okay
stop okay let's do this so we need
follow this so we need to record The
Entity record during an alarm whatever
that means and we need to get 10 tapes
okay so what is the how do we record we
seat
yeah oh wait I can zoom it in whoa
follow me guys press tab you can just
dude I said that tape you literally ran
past the
tape there a there a tape stop
whistling stop wait who W guys I hear
the monster I hear the
monster guys we need to film it remember
also what is an alarm no I think we just
have there's an objective I got hear it
I'm filming I'm filming I'm filming okay
okay go go go go go
go okay we got it we got it got it got
it oh why is it good for me okay if I
hide in the wall am I safe let's
see okay that actually worked that
actually worked I don't know if they can
hear me so I'm
okay you can hear the scream in the
distance okay we need to record during
alarm okay wait wait guys look look look
look what's
this monster get in the wall get in the
wall get in the wall turn off your turn
off your flashlight and don't talk don't
talk I think it can hear us guys shut up
okay we need to record doing an alarm
what happened when I saw monster before
it was here so this is when we record is
it
we someone needs to get it on
camera Jesus Christ did you get it I see
I see
it it's one there there one right behind
you it's there holy
moly oh my
God am I
dead oh my God I'm wavering help me help
me get me sane I need armored water
[Music]
pull yourself together oh my God that's
the degraded that's not good was that an
alarm oh God I think it's right behind
me pull yourself together dude pull
yourself
together oh my God it's so close to
me guys guys go why are you on the floor
what are you guys doing
I don't have Elman water okay I don't
actually know how I get those two back
alive
wait wait this is where we
started and this is the first chair we
went to seems like we're pretty safe
right
now I just don't want the lights to go
out again cuz that was not good all
right I mean I I wonder if I can just
revive them or something I don't
actually
know oh no okay I'm just going to hide
in the
wall well this is a bit
intimidating all right we'll just chill
guys if you can hear me say
something
guys guys oh another
VHS okay we need to got all the VHS like
we're doing great on our own guys
uh-oh
guys really doing with a map right now
that would be really
convenient
alarm yes yes yes I need one more tape
oh man we've actually nearly done it
I'll wait till this alarm's over cuz I
don't know what it could mean
okay one more tape one more
tape please one more tape one more
tape yes a tape oh my
God but we're definitely in towards the
Badd return to elevator oh my God we've
done it go go go go go
[Music]
oh yes oh my we are let's see if they
wait did the boys come back um
oh
okay okay that doesn't sound good okay
what is
what why am I still on my
own hello
oh a bunch of
mattresses y I can play on the bed okay
if I go through here does that mean I
can get them back or something I don't
even
know wait huh hello Josh hello oh my God
you did so well dude did you guys see me
yeah you killed it bro dude thanks guys
I didn't know you were watching I wasn't
sure yeah we were watching and and you
were like Yay mattresses and I was like
they are probably really gross dude oh
well so wait the uh what is going on now
then what do we where are we I I don't
know we need to fix wait wait it says
fix backup
generators oh look it's a car park who
look at this place dude ah DS I used to
have one of those what you had a what a
DS you know you mean a Nintendo DS
Nintendo yeah that we're not that's
something different maybe this has that
as well oh hold F okay it won't let me
do anything hold button where's the
restarting maybe we need to leave it
yeah leave it leave it it's don't press
it I'm holding it that's why it's
restarting what what's wrong you didn't
see that you didn't even he coming back
what what is he talking about
there was a naked scary man okay I don't
oh
oh I think it might be hallucinating can
can someone restart this already yeah
I'm going I'm going guys there's a naked
man running around okay well don't pay
him any attention and I don't want to
see stop stop whistling okay don't click
f on it cuz it's he doesn't he doesn't
like the it's almost done it's almost
done it's
online oh I see him oh yeah he doesn't
like the light wait does that mean if we
don't he he was behind there wait so if
we hang on if do you see if you turn it
off and then turn off your
lights okay and then turn off there he
is look oh there he is oh my God look at
him they're back
on yeah slight problem my sanity is
uncritical I think you guys are probably
chill but mine is not good if any of you
find almond water hook the boy up oh
another generator okay I I'll turn this
one
on okay guys defend me defend
me you could warn us next time
Josh I no that's not how it works I'm
not oh wait cuz it's restarting I get it
now yeah but like what do we need to do
we need to do it to a bunch of him or
what's going on yeah we need to do three
more guys he's dude look at him
already no don't run after oh God all
right there's another generator here
okay guys my mom always told me if
you're being chased by a naked old man
run after him okay guys I'm going did
there's two of them two of them there's
two right okay I'm doing this one
protect me we got two more we got we
need to start two more don't slip on the
floor it's a bit wet there wait oh
here's one here's one the naked man
isn't it that did that what is that room
there guys
guys gu no oh my oh my God you guys are
stupid guys Focus we left him sorry
sorry we got distracted
Josh dude they're right there they're
right there okay def form
defensive they are oh my goodness yeah
defend all right kater I'll do left and
back you
do what are youing about dude bro I'm on
the I fell on the floor he's on the
floor right bandages he
needs why I can't okay you do you do the
machine and I'll do okay guys can you
still hear me yeah yeah okay I'm I'm
dead so start the machine fin you guys
need to finish this without
me it says you require bandages yeah
well we don't have any bandages do the
machine hold F on the machine it's done
it's done it's done oh Jesus it's not
done it's not done it's not done okay
guys okay listen you need to do the last
one together we will walk walking around
the room with the wall on our right so
continue to walk around the room with
the wall on your right and then you
should find the other generator okay I
believe in you go what about the
bandages Jos I can't just leave me
behind leave me behind all right
bye we're so dead we're so dead dude
we're so dead what do you think Josh is
doing right now he's probably just
listening to us y on right now and he's
cringing CU we haven't done anything he
loves to hear us they've completely lost
any sense of where the generators are
wants us to do I I can tell I can hear
him from Beyond he's saying please do a
generator you
morons
yes you guys actually did it oh my God
okay did it dude okay you and you even
followed the door the wall to get out we
did are you proud of us yes I did
okay okay listen listen listen Okay so
we have to open valve in maintenance but
it says avoid the blind entity so what
does that mean to you guys they're blind
so they can't see us so if if if you see
them I think you probably have to stand
still but I don't know do you think
maybe he said it's blind that he can
hear us turn around look
look see that's blind thing
okay that's good okay I hear a noise I'm
already I think it's the I think it's
the pipes here Josh I don't think it's
the we've got to do something with the
valve okay CR walked off so that's great
I can hear him talking yeah I can hear
talking CR
oh my God the're
whistling yo crer what is this is this a
valve to Hell turn the valve oh there it
is quicker than that quer hurry up it's
can't tur it
quicker is something
happening the door's opening just keep
going keep going no no just keep going
we we we have
to okay you're good you're good now
you're good did that not count as a
valve guys guys guys guys what is
that what's he
doing who's that
crushed guys he's blind not
deaf oh a metal can guys maybe I can
throw
it don't do that dude it hear
it
CR Josh Josh sh sh Josh it's fine why
did KN me down I've got bandages it's
all good is it because I
whistled stop talking green don't
whistle guys oh yeah whistling is
definitely stop it you're whistling stop
I'm not the one whistling you're
whistling stop it CR stop it oh my god
oh for
God's I was trying to help you I got
bandages did you drop bandages yeah I'm
going to drop it for you I'm going to
drop it there you go okay I'm I just
sacrificed fin I drop bandages for you
okay
okay oh my okay leave leave CR leave CR
leave CR me dude yeah no not for you CR
sorry oh I see valves maybe want to be
heal do maybe those are the valves dude
CR stop talking I want you to die I'm
going to die there we go there we there
we go that was comedic
timing okay these are valves I don't
know if those are all the three we need
to do give it a try turning it yeah okay
I'm turning turning turning turning okay
you're all good nothing's happening no
it's turning you're
good no you need it was turning yeah
keep turning keep turning yeah I don't
know what it's doing though making any
noise yeah but as long as it's turning
that's probably doing something do you
have any almond water or is it just
soda uh I have nothing now metal
can I just pressed use on the metal can
but I don't know what that did wait open
I mean oh here I've got something for
you what's your sanity level uh critical
so I'm about to fall over and die I
think okay here you go have a rice cake
that will that actually help though
maybe uh sanity drain revive
speed s oh San okay that actually does
help okay I went from terminal to
critical I don't know how that's an
improvement but oh I found drink liquid
pain what's this use oh bro why did you
do that I I thought that was a I thought
it was a code name for something dude
you're just a shrimp on the floor now I
can't do anything I'm a shrimp all right
I will try and find a bandage I guess I
can't believe you drank liquid pain are
you o orange
juice
uh I swear if I die trying to recover
him I'm going to be
mad oh my God what was
that hey